# Greetings and introducing yourself

#### Hello Greetings

Hi
Hello
Hello, how are you?
Good morning
Good afternoon
Good evening

#### Goodbye Greetings:

Bye
Good bye
See you
So long!
See you later

##### Examples
- Hello, I'm Paula
- Good morning Paula. How are you? I'm Sam
- I'm fine thanks. How about you?
- Fine too


- Good morning. How's everything?
- Hi. How are you?
- Hello. How is it going?
- Good afternoon
- Good evening

#### Pronunciation

#### Introduce yourself


I am ______, you are my student
I’m ______, you’re my student

My name is ______, what is your name?

What is your first name?
How old are you?
Where do you come from?
What languages do you speak?

Welcome to ______, I'm ______. How can I help you?
Hello, I'm ______. Im a ______ Student
Great ______. Whats is your email address?
It's ______
OK, that's __________, is that correct? (spell)
Yes, thank you

I’m from ______ and I live in ______. I’m ______ years old. I study ______ at ______.
My email accress is ______ and my ohine number is ______

#### Meeting and Greeting
Nice to meet you.
Where are you from?
What do you do?
What do you like to do in your free time?
What´s your phone number?

#### Where is
Where is ______  from? (Juliana)
Where does ______  live? (Juliana)
How old is ______ ? (Juliana)
What does ______  study? (Juliana)
Where is ______ studying? (she)
What is ______ e-mail address? (her)
What is ______ phone number? (her)

#### Useful expressions

I don’t understand
Can you repeat that?
Can you speak slowly please?
How do you spell that?
What is the meaning of ___________ ?
Thank you very much

#### Jobs
Teacher
Producer
Engineer
Businessman
Designer
Accountant
Journalist

|Affirmative|Negative|Question|
|:-:|:-:|:-:|
|I'm an engineer|I'm not an engineer|Am I an engineer?|
|You are a teacher|You are not a teacher|Are you a teacher?|
|He is a businessman|He is not a businessman|Is he a businessman?|
|She is a producer|She is a producer|Is she a producer?|
|They are sports fans|They are not sports fans|Are They sports fans?|
|We are friends|We are not friends|Are we friends?|
|It is small|It is not small| Is it small?|

- I am a ______ (job)
- I live in ______ (Country / City / Flat)
- I live with _____ (quantity) ______ (nouns)
- We are all ______ (sports fans / enjoy cooking)

#### Where I live
My flat (vocabulary):
Apartment
House
Bedroom
Neighborhood
Stores
Restaurants

Adjetives:
Small / Smaller
Cozy
Beautiful
Spacious
Confortable
Quiet
Convenient
old
Amazing
Big / Quite big / Too big
Fine / Just fine

Conectors:
Although
Sometimes
So

Phrases:
Is not so ______
It is full of ______
I think it's ______ for us
I Enjoy ______

He is never at home

He ______ a teacher and he ______ smart.
She ______ a nurse and she ______ nice.
They ______ producers and they ______ talented.
We ______ friends and we ______ sports fans.
It ______ big and it ______ cozy.

#### Useful expressions : Meeting and Greetings

|Question|Answer|
|:-:|:-:|
|Nice to meet you|Hello. Nice to meet you too|
|Where are you from?|I am from Venezuela|
|What do you do?|I am a teacher|
|What do you like to do in your free time?|I like to read|
|What´s your phone number?|My phone number is ______|

#### Numbers
11- Eleven
12- Twelve
13- Thirteen
14- Fourteen
15- Fifteen
16- Sixteen
17- Seventeen
18- Eighteen
19- Nineteen
20- Twenty
21- Twenty one
22- Twenty two
23- Twenty three
24- Twenty four
25- Twenty five
26- Twenty six
27- Twenty seven
28- Twenty eight
29- Twenty nine
30- Thirty
31- Thirty one
32- Thirty two
40- Forty
50- Fifty
60- Sixty
70- Seventy
80- Eighty
90- Ninety
100- One hundred
