#The use of whose and possessive pronouns
We use the WH question Whose to identify the owner of an object:

A: Whose is this cell phone?
B: This cell phone is Sebastian’s, but this cell phone is mine.
A: Whose jacket is this?
B: It’s Celis’s, but this jacket is ++mine**.

Possessive Pronouns:
We use possessive pronouns to refer to the owner of an object:

I - Mine: Yesika’s cell phone is Android, mine is Apple.
You - Yours: My jacket is black, yours is red.
He - His: Her books are about cooking, his about cars.
She - Hers: Sebastian’s computer is Mac, hers is HP.
It - Its
We - Ours
They - Theirs

##### Dialogue
**Two people talking about belongings**
  - **Paula**: I need a bigger bookshelf, the one that I have is so small.
  - **Camila**: Really? How many books do you have?
  - **Paula**: I have tons of books but I also discs and ornaments.
  - **Camila**: Well… Mine are just a few, maybe you should sell them.
  - **Paula**: There is no way I’m selling them. I love mine, I just need a bigger place to put them.
  - **Camila**: I think you have too many things. Your closet is about to explode.
  - **Paula**: I know. My mom is just the same thing, she has so many clothes but hers are so beautiful.
  - **Camila**: Well, maybe she doesn’t need so many.

##### Examples
People who have some belongings
- I love **my** clothes. I keep **mine** in a very big closet.
- **My** best friend and I love to buy new jewelry. We buy **ours** downtown.
- I have so many books. I had to keep **mine** and John's in **my** bookshelf.
- She has two or three credit card. She has **hers** in **her** wallet.
- Every morning he uses **his** speakers. **His** are very little, but powerful.
- I'm gonna listen to all **my** discs this holidays. Sara is selling **hers**, so I'm gonna buy a couple from **her**.
- Juan just bought some furniture for **his** house. **His** is new and pretty.

#### Pronouns

|Subject Pronouns|Object Pronouns|Possessive Adjectives|Possessive Pronouns|Reflexive Pronouns|
|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|
|I|me|my|mine|myself|
|you|you|your|yours|yourself|
|he|him|his|his|himself|
|she|her|her|hers|herself|
|it|it|its|its|itself|
|we|us|our|ours|ourselves|
|they|them|their|theirs|themselves|

#### Possessive Pronouns
We use Whose to identify the owner of an object

|Subject|Possessive Adjetive|Example|
|:-:|:-:|-|
|I|Mine| Yesika’s cell phone is Android, mine is Apple.|
|You|Yours| My jacket is black, yours is red.|
|He|His| Her books are about cooking, his about cars.|
|She|Hers| Sebastian’s computer is Mac, hers is HP.|
|It|Its|
|We|Ours|
|They|Theirs|

##### Whose
- **A**: _Whose_ is this cell phone?
- **B**: This cell phone is _Sebastian’s_, but this cell phone is **mine**.
- **A**: _Whose_ jacket is this?
- **B**: It’s _Celis’s_, but this jacket is **mine**.
We use possessive pronouns to refer to the owner of an object

##### Exercise
1. Completing the sentences
- `______` is this bag?  
It's `______`
- `______` are those clothes?  
They are `______`
- `______` keys are these?  
These are`______`  
- `Whose` `hers` `yours` `mine`
1. Write a composition talking about your own belongings and using the possessive pronouns
1. Read about how to organize your belongings and make a list of the things you need to get rid of.

  **How to organize your life and get rid of the things you don’t need?**  
  Marie Kondo is a famous consultant and author who teaches people how to organize their belongings and get rid of unnecessary things. She gives a series of tips and instructions for people to be aware of the objects they own and be able to organize them or get rid of them eventually. This article brings some tips that are useful if you need to start organizing your things.

  One of the most important things to do when organizing belongings is to make a pile of them. This helps to see how many objects of the same category a person has and to put in perspective if the person needs them or not. Putting your clothes or books in a pile will make you realize the number of books and clothes you have. This will help you identify how many of them you are not using or you simply don’t need.

  Another tip for having a more simple and organized life is to store every item in a vertical way and in transparent containers. This allows you to find things faster and also make sure to see where they are without looking for them in every drawer there is in your closet or cabinet. When you organize the items vertically it is easier to find them quickly.

  Marie Kondo suggests to have items organized by their characteristics and size. If you have t-shirts with the same color, shoes that have the same size and color, you should store them in that order, by doing this you will see how many similar items you have and to make sure you truly need them.

  A very controversial tip that the consultant gives is that every object that you have brings joy to your life. The idea behind this is to only keep objects that actually make you feel happy or complete. The objects that don’t produce this feeling should not be kept since they are not providing you with the necessary energy that you should have in your life.
1.
