# People talk about how to stay healthy

- A: I feel a little sick now. My back hurts and my knees are killing me.
- B: What's wrong?
- A: I don't know, but i feel really bad.
- B: Are you trying to have a balanced diet?
- A: Not really, I never have breakfast, I usually have lunch in my desk
     and for dinner I just get a hamburger or a hot dog.
- B: Maybe you need to cut down on junk food and eat more fruits and vegetables.
- A: Yes, I need to watch my diet.
- B: And exercise, that's for sure.

> Lesson 26

Grammar: Difference between simple present and present continuous

We use the simple present to talk about things that happen all the time

We use the present continuous to talk about things that are happening right now
Structure

- Subject + verb be + verb ing + complement (Positive)
- Subject + verb be + not + verb ing + complement (Negative)
- Verb be + subject + verb ing + complement + ? (Question)

> Lesson 27

##### Exercise
1. Complete the sentences with the verbs in brackets, (use the simple present or the present continuous:
   - She ______ (not walk) everywhere, she ______ (prefer) to drive her car.
   - Right now he ______ (not eat) any carbohydrates. He ______ (try) to lose weight.
   - We usually ______ (go) to the gym in the afternoon or at night.
   - John ______ (work) a lot, so he ______ (not take) any time for himself.
   - Daniela and Nicolas ______ (have) a balanced diet. They ______ (eat) a lot o fruits and vegetables.
   - Juan never ______ (cook), he always ______ (get) a hamburger in a near restaurant.

> Lesson 28
