#### Vocabulary: Aches and pains
- Fever
- Cough
- Stomach ache
- Toothache
- Headache
- Cold
- Feel sick
- Have allergies
- Back pain
- Call in sick

##### Exercises:
1. Dialogue: People talk about how to stay healthy
   - A: I feel a little sick now. My back hurts and my knees are killing me.
   - B: What's wrong?
   - A: I don't know, but i feel really bad.
   - B: Are you trying to have a balanced diet?
   - A: Not really, I never have breakfast, I usually have lunch in my desk
        and for dinner I just get a hamburger or a hot dog.
   - B: Maybe you need to cut down on junk food and eat more fruits and vegetables.
   - A: Yes, I need to watch my diet.
   - B: And exercise, that's for sure.
1. Read the article about healthy habits and answer the questions below:

  #### 5 healthy habits every adult needs to stick to:

  According to The Guardian when adults stick to five healthy habits they can add almost a decade to their lives. It’s true that in adulthood it’s necessary to care for our body and health more than when we are young. This article tells you about 5 healthy   habits that help you keep a good and lasting health.

  1. **Have a healthy diet**  
  One way to keep your organs and tissues with the necessary nutrients is to have a balanced diet. For this, you need to eat great amounts of fruits and vegetables, whole grains, nuts, and legumes. Also, it’s necessary to have a low intake of sugar and   fats.

  1. **Exercise regularly**  
  Adults need to exercise at least one hour, three times a week. Find space in your agenda to go to the gym, run on the street,   cycle or swim. If you don’t like to sweat much, you can walk with your friends or family for at least one hour.

  1. **Sleep at least eight hours**  
  According to experts a regular adults needs at least eight hours of sleep. Having the right amount of sleeping hours helps us   to have a good digestion, it reduces stress and also helps us maintain a normal weight.

  1. **Drink enough water**  
  Our bodies are 70% water and for that we need to drink lots of it to keep our bodies healthy. It’s necessary to drink at least   eight glasses of water every day.

  1. **Do not smoke**  
  Smoking is one of the most common reasons of lung cancer. If you currently smoke try to reduce the amount of cigarettes that you have every day. You might not be able to quit smoking at once, but you can limit the amount of cigarettes you have. If you   feel confident enough just stop doing it.

  - In your opinion, what is the most important health habit included in this list?
  - What health habit would you like to try?

1. Conversation: Head of HR and employee
   - A: Hi Joana, I'm feeling sick, I d
   - B: Gosh Josh, I'm sorry. What's wrong?
   - A: I have a fever and I'm coughing. I think I've got the flu
   - B: That's too bad. Take some cough medicine and rest today
   - A: Yes, I will. Thank you.
   - B: No Worries, take care.

1. Complete the sentences using the expressions about pains and aches:
   - I think she has a `______`. Her face is burning.
   - Josh is sick today. He is coughing and has a fever. I think he has the `______`.
   - I am feeling terrible, I have to go to the dentist I have a bad `______`.
   - John and Giselle are both home. They have `______` because spend too many hours standing up.
   - My sister is food poisoned. She has a bad `______`.
