# Parts of the body

- Head
- Eyebrow
- Eye
- Nose
cheeks
- mouth
- Tooth
- Tongue
chin
- Back
- Shoulder
- Arm
- Forearm
- Wrist
- Palm
- Finger
- Nail
- Thumb
- Waist
- Hip
bottom
- Legs
- Knee
ankles
- Foot / Feet
- Toes

stomach
hand
chest
neck
ear
forehead
hair

ankle

bones
lungs
heart
intestines
kidneys

index
middle
ring
little

big
toes
litlle

- Paula: Oh my God, my leg hurts.
- Camila: Why? What happened?
- Paula: I fell down this morning. I was running and I twisted my ankle.
- Camila: Oh My God. Really?
- Paula: Yes, it’s swollen, and it hurts. I think I also scratched my elbow.
- Camila: Did you go to the Doctor?
- Paula: No, I didn’t. I mean, it hurts but I think I’m gonna be ok.

Useful vocabulary
  my leg hurts - Me duele la pierna
  I fell down - Me caí
  Swollen - Hinchado
  I twisted - Me torcí
  It hurts - Duele
  Scratched - Rasguñado

# Questions in past continuous
We use questions with the past continuous
to ask about things that were happening
at a specific moment in the past

Wh `+` verb be in past `+` subject `+` verb ing `+` complement `+` ?

- What _were_ you **doing** _when_ you cut yourself?
- Where _were_ you **running** _when_ you sprained your ankle?

Exercises:
1. Complete the following sentences using the correct form of the verb in brackets:
  I `______` `______` (cook) when I cut my finger.
  When the kids `______` `______` (play) in the park, we saw an accident.
  I `______` `______` (prepare) dinner when she called.
  She `______` `______` (practice) the guitar when her teacher asked her to play another song.
  Yesterday we `______` `______` (cycle) all day.
  While Juan `______` `______` (work) in his room, his friends `______` `______` (swim).
  `was/cooking` `were/playing` `was/preparing` `was/practicing` `were/cycling ` `was/working; were/swimming`
1. Write a paragraph about a time when you had an accident.
