#The use of whose and possessive pronouns
We use the WH question Whose to identify the owner of an object:

A: Whose is this cell phone?
B: This cell phone is Sebastian’s, but this cell phone is mine.
A: Whose jacket is this?
B: It’s Celis’s, but this jacket is ++mine**.

Possessive Pronouns:
We use possessive pronouns to refer to the owner of an object:

I - Mine: Yesika’s cell phone is Android, mine is Apple.
You - Yours: My jacket is black, yours is red.
He - His: Her books are about cooking, his about cars.
She - Hers: Sebastian’s computer is Mac, hers is HP.
It - Its
We - Ours
They - Theirs

##### Dialogue
**Two people talking about belongings**
  - **Paula**: I need a bigger bookshelf, the one that I have is so small.
  - **Camila**: Really? How many books do you have?
  - **Paula**: I have tons of books but I also discs and ornaments.
  - **Camila**: Well… Mine are just a few, maybe you should sell them.
  - **Paula**: There is no way I’m selling them. I love mine, I just need a bigger place to put them.
  - **Camila**: I think you have too many things. Your closet is about to explode.
  - **Paula**: I know. My mom is just the same thing, she has so many clothes but hers are so beautiful.
  - **Camila**: Well, maybe she doesn’t need so many.

#### Examples:
People who have some belongings
- I love **my** clothes. I keep **mine** in a very big closet.
- **My** best friend and I love to buy new jewelry. We buy **ours** downtown.
- I have so many books. I had to keep **mine** and John's in **my** bookshelf.
- She has two or three credit card. She has **hers** in **her** wallet.
- Every morning he uses **his** speakers. **His** are very little, but powerful.
- I'm gonna listen to all **my** discs this holidays. Sara is selling **hers**, so I'm gonna buy a couple from **her**.
- Juan just bought some furniture for **his** house. **His** is new and pretty.

|Subject Pronouns|Object Pronouns|Possessive Adjectives|Possessive Pronouns|Reflexive Pronouns|
|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|
|I|me|my|mine|myself|
|you|you|your|yours|yourself|
|he|him|his|his|himself|
|she|her|her|hers|herself|
|it|it|its|its|itself|
|we|us|our|ours|ourselves|
|they|them|their|theirs|themselves|
